# Lessons Learned

- Challenging to use a technology you're never used before. I could have used any tech stack I wanted, but I wanted to keep it as simple as possible so I ended up using Python and Flask, even though I had never really used Flask before. I'd used Python a lot in AWS, but there AWS is taking care of a lot of the interconnections. Still, it was great to learn new things! 
- Using a Jupyter notebook to create the core functionality was a brilliant idea. You'll find the MortageCalculator.ipynb in the ServiceAPI folder. That's where I developed the core logic for the mortgage calculator and ran the tests. Everything is in there.
- Working with currency also proved to be difficult. That took some time to figure out how to properly handle that. Now I know why there's always a "true up" at the end of a loan. The numbers don't end up being exact. I know in different industries there are regulations for how to handle this.
- I took this exercise as developing a POC. To keep it simple I ran it on docker-compose. The real production version would be using Kubernetes and the pods could be created from the Docker images. This keeps things fast and light weight while developing a POC, without having to be throwaway.
- I got killed by docker-compose networking. I had a heck of a time getting the api service to communicate with the data service. Took me quite a while to realize that specifying "5050:5000" does not mean the service will be available on port 5050 inside the network (when using a bridged network). It'll still be on port 5000. What was throwing me off is I could successfully use Postman to interact with the data service yet the api service failed to connect.
- Then memcached decided to throw in its own fun. It would launch and then immediately exit. The error code, 139, indicated that it had received a KILL message. The bitnami/memcached does not suffer from this problem. This does raise the question as to how portable this solution actually is. 
- Tracking down issues with docker-compose networking proved to be very time-consuming. If this were a real situation at Neudesic then I would have time-boxed the effort and then sought out another pair of eyes who would probably immediately see the problem. This means I could have had this solution done two days ago.

